This is my .rcfiles folder that I use to get work done start off by
cloning the repository

      git clone ... $HOME/.rcfiles

Then you want to setup all of the symbolic links by running the setup.sh script.
  
      cd ~/.rcfiles
      ./setup.sh

This will start off by asking what type of computer this is. I use 3
types of computers: local, central, remote.

      1. The idea is I have direct access to a LOCAL computer (laptop or
desktop pc).

      2. Any number of computers may be behind a CENTRAL server that you
usually ssh through but do not use very often (ie. ssh central.com -t
'ssh localWorkMac' or even better with port forwarding).

      3. REMOTE computers are other computers connected to the central
computer, but are either not primary or serve specific functions. In my
case remote computers are used to run and track simulations. I would
usually connect to these computers (from home) in the same way as I
would my work computer.

After setup.sh creates the symbolic links and generates the ~/.comptype
file, it calls ./serversetup.sh, which creates a file in a folder
located in $LOGS_DIR. Please change this in setup.sh before running if
the default is not good. Make it whatever you want (also update the
"profile" file to reflect your preference). I use a Dropbox/serverLogs
by default so that any changes are immediately synced. This file
contains a list of servers and a central computer. Here you can save
server names, ip (use local ip if conneted to central server), username,
and port (for port forwarding). Names can be anything without spaces
AND, the final character of the central computer must be a an asterix
("*").

If anyone asks, I will upload my automated ssh script that uses this
server file, but it is currently kept with me :) It works by connecting
to the server by name (partial match) and automatically port forwards
through the central computer. It's a nifty script, so if you stumble by
and want to take a gander just ask and it shall be made available.
